DOCS-8600: Agentless Quick Start (#24801)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/cloud_security_management/setup/agentless_scanning/terraform.md

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "New AWS account" %}}

1. On the [Cloud Security Management Setup][1] page, click **Cloud Integrations > AWS**.
1. At the bottom of the AWS section, click **Add AWS accounts by following these steps**. The **Add New AWS Account(s)** dialog is displayed.
1. Under **Choose a method for adding your AWS account**, select **Manually**.
1. Follow the instructions for installing the [Datadog Agentless Scanner module][2].
1. Select the **I confirm that the Datadog IAM Role has been added to the AWS Account** checkbox.
1. Enter the **AWS Account ID** and **AWS Role Name**.
1. Click **Save**.

[1]: https://app.datadoghq.com/security/configuration/csm/setup
[2]: https://github.com/DataDog/terraform-datadog-agentless-scanner/blob/main/README.md

{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab "Existing AWS account" %}}

1. On the [Cloud Security Management Setup][1] page, click **Cloud Integrations > AWS**.
1. Click the **Edit scanning** button {{< img src="security/csm/setup/edit-button.png" inline="true" style="width:24px;">}} for the AWS account where you want to deploy the Agentless scanner.

> 1. **Enable Resource Scanning** should already be toggled on. If it isn't, switch the **Enable Resource Scanning** toggle to the on position.
> 1. In the **How would you like to set up Agentless Scanning?** section, select **Terraform**.
> 1. Follow the instructions for installing the [Datadog Agentless Scanner module][2].
> 1. In the **Agentless Scanning** section, switch the toggles for **Host Vulnerability Scanning**, **Container Vulnerability Scanning**, **Lambda Vulnerability Scanning**, and **Data Security Scanning** to the on position.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Enable Resource Scanning** should already be toggled on. If it isn't, toggle **Enable Resource Scanning** to the on position.
1. In the **How would you like to set up Agentless Scanning?** section, select **Terraform**.
1. Follow the instructions for installing the [Datadog Agentless Scanner module][2].
1. In the **Agentless Scanning** section, toggle **Host Vulnerability Scanning**, **Container Vulnerability Scanning**, **Lambda Vulnerability Scanning**, and **Data Security Scanning** to the on position.
```

1. Click **Done**.

[1]: https://app.datadoghq.com/security/configuration/csm/setup
[2]: https://github.com/DataDog/terraform-datadog-agentless-scanner/blob/main/README.md

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

## Exclude resources from scans

{{% csm-agentless-exclude-resources %}}

## Disable Agentless Scanning

1. On the [Cloud Security Management Setup][4] page, click **Cloud Integrations** > **AWS**.

> 1. To disable Agentless Scanning for an account, click the **Edit** button {{< img src="security/csm/setup/edit-button.png" inline="true" style="width:24px;">}} and switch the toggles in the **Agentless Scanning** section to the off position.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To disable Agentless Scanning for an account, click the **Edit** button {{< img src="security/csm/setup/edit-button.png" inline="true" style="width:24px;">}} and toggle the **Agentless Scanning** section to the off position.
```
